Winter's Night, a quarter to one, The shampan's exhausted, the days were gone,
The fire was low, the night begun, The easterly wind blew stronger.
Winter's Night, a quarter to two, The embers were pulled and the party went clear,
The shampan's lay there covered in dew, It will they sing until morning.
Winter's Night, a quarter to three, The sky was filled with black mystery,
Lights shone on the company, And all around ages were singing,
Oh, the unity chimes as ever, And death as the worldly wonder of the yards.
Winter's Night, a quarter to four, The shampan's pushed the silver wall,
In the manger, hiding the snow, Surrounded by lovers, the crying sky.
Winter's Night, a quarter to five, There was just the living sight,
The son of God, who lay and smiled.
The tears of wood, as tears from the frost, That elm tree remembered the snow,
The angels had sung that night.
Oh, the unity chimes as ever, And death as the worldly wonder of the yards.
Christmas Night, a quarter to five, The shampan's looked in until the alarm,
Oh, they stood a springy night, But above the ground, the lights shone.